hey guys moon odyssey here Eevee
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm so
upset that it's not a female but you
know I don't care
I was actually curly Soph resetting for
a shiny Maggio's boy like this was just
I just went into safari and I found two
shiny large and loud Reds in the process
which made me so upset
the first loungers was I was okay with
because it had its hidden ability
scrappy but the cycle of a soundproof so
I just gave it to one of my friends
first aid zhalandin
he left the cookie - I was just not
prepared for this and when I saw my I'm
like I gotta go grab my camera because I
don't even know anymore
I'm like shaking right now
kind of tell my hands are really shaky
because it's it's been a really
frustrating hunt for SHINee Eevee and
today we're gonna evolve into a Vaporeon
depends well it all depends on the
nature and hopefully it has intended
ability it has his ability I'm gonna bow
in silver go to pixelate opener or fall
swipe again if it's not that I'll bulb
it into a beautiful babe poori on so
that it has water absorb I'm probably
just gonna catch in a regular pokeball
let's capture the premier ball
all right that's not gonna do a thing
obviously let's put it to sleep then I
got seen come on sir if I'm sniffle a
lot - I'm in the middle of allergy
season which is always fine what
I'm so upset now I do not know easy huh
take down all right we got to put us
under the seal file gosh darn it videos
in the future
okay pardon anyways I still need a shiny
easy